Level 2 tweaks (#497)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/02-sotd.md

> This new version adds considerations for `span-id` field generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new version adds considerations for the generation of the `trace-id` and `span-id` fields.
```
